sup everyone on your female otaku and
I'm going to do another taste testing
video this time for Japan crate I do
want to emphasize that this is not
sponsored I just got this box while I
was over at anime NYC I don't really
know anything about Japan crate except I
believe they do Japanese candies well
it's me the description over here what
it says Japan crate has partnered with
FYE don't know who they are to offer an
exclusive crate full of the best
Japanese candy snacks and drinks oh
shoot the guy drinks you can only find
in Japan inside you'll find 15 items
including crazy Japanese candy a drink a
DIY kit oh and a collectable bonus item
$10 gift voucher towards any three six
or 12 month prepaid subscription and a
magazine that includes product
descriptions DIY instructions and lots
more
well shit this was a good purchase I've
never opened up a box like this before
so I think we're all gonna have a pretty
damn good time guys and also back here
that was really sweet
oh wow okay really decorated on the
inside here love it love it whoa look so
we go what is this a mini comment or no
they said that there was a magazine so I
guess that's what they meant and we have
tons and tons and tons of Japanese candy
they have something explains to you
what's what oh no this is my gift about
you're gonna hide that from you guys
here's a little manga zine here I don't
know if this is a series that they have
or not yeah and like I said you have
like little mini DIYs and then you just
have the the comic think
oh no no no comic then they start
explaining other stuff like other
locations over in Japan but I watched
Japanese vlog on the daily so I don't
really need that uh over here this is
where they explain everything that they
got then oh my god I thought this was a
little dessert thing for a second I was
gonna say holy crap they actually got
mochi but no it's like this little
keychain thing is so cute it actually
feels like pond and it's it's so freakin
soft look it's like a
chocolate poun this is absolutely
adorable I love it I feel so good all
right
you squish it and then it poops back up
good definitely keeping that we got sour
Cola candy you guys know how I feel
about sour I hate it oh wow looks like
that what's that candy called extreme I
think it's called with the strips of
like sour candy mmm I'm sorry who
thoughts that were Cola would be a good
idea
Google poo poo Thai choco just looks
like chocolate
taiyaki that looks like it should be
nice scream but it's not so here it is
looks just like a taiyaki fizzy you
don't know what taiyaki is it is a
Japanese pancake on the inside there's
like a sweet filling it's a dessert Oh
smells really good that chocolate smells
great a shot that smells just like the
chocolate Rice Krispies whoo
mmm this tastes exactly like those
little wafer things that you get over at
like CVS or at shop person like that
just those little wafers and on the
inside there'll be like some sort Chaka
cream or vanilla cream strawberry cream
type thing that's exactly what this
tastes like it's so good what a time
nettie Cho soft cider with this DIY kit
you'll be able to make soft-serve ice
cream in a unique foamy can deform it
even comes with a wafer cones to serve
your handmade ice cream okay we'll save
this for later
sour long gum mini cider flavor well
shit another sour thing actually one
thing that I noticed is that with each
of these candies they put a sticker to
give you the the ingredients in English
so I actually really like that it
actually reminds me I probably shouldn't
be eating this stuff since I'm probably
gonna get stomach pains afterwards and
it's really not good for my health
I gotta start rethinking how I do these
boxes so yeah looks it's actually not
hard it's very it's it's on the softer
side really I like the color it's like
this mint green look in color hmm this
guy has a texture of Laffy Taffy and hmm
this isn't sour at all tastes a lot like
gum what
I think it actually did say was gum yeah
sour long gum mini good thing I
remembered that this was supposed to be
gone otherwise half were too small out
of this yoke in seven stick milk cream
is actually look a bit like churros
I'm really happy they're showing me so
many candies that I did not ever get
from like snack ooh so I'm just happy
that there's just so many more candies
in Japan I don't even know about so
here's how this one looks another way
for looking kind of thing kind of like
the taiyaki one except this one has a
vanilla filling
Jochen maple butter beer flavor okay
guys we about to get your uncle pin this
bitch you know it's funny is that I
actually haven't eaten lunch yet I only
had breakfast now as a few hours ago
just these little mini things so I guess
yep pop them in your mouth
probably not never had butter beer
before kind of fizzes a little bit come
on it's really dissolving one it's gone
it's gone just like that
Jochen oh my sugar Rusk we had a lot of
Jochen stuff up in here what is it I
guess that's the company but I love me
some Japanese chips
what are these oh these will look like
the corn puffs this is a sugary corn
puff and says this is a cut from the my
Bo snack that makes a lot of sense for
those you don't know my bow is this
really popular of corn puffs it's just a
giant corn puff
I sold it's just one cylinder corn puff
and it tastes amazing there's a various
flavors it's whelmed and this is a cup
from it that's really cool I like that
mochi taro fukushi mochi taro taro is a
flavor and mochi something completely
different from what looks to be huh rice
cracker
Oh what is good is salty and I like it
what I did yeah yeah good more of this
mm-hmm
oh yeah still want more snacks in the
box guys I am loving this put your
pancreas if you want me a sponsor yeah
I'm all ears
oh hey it's Anna my bow this one is a
vegetable salad flavor
I don't runner if I had this flavor I
had my bow once from a snack ooh box
door which flavor I actually tried which
reminds me if you haven't seen my
previous
takes testing videos then I will leave
the playlist in the description so
here's how the vegetable garden looks
light enough it looks more like it could
be a barbecued flavor I guess the camera
isn't picking it up but it actually
looks really orange mm-hmm
this box is so good why aren't I
sponsoring them some cuckoo vegetable
crackers oh yeah you got a bunch of
little crackers in this tray here
they're all about this size so I guess
it's just gonna take like a regular
cracker
it tastes just like the Keebler crackers
very buttery mm-hmm the right amount of
salt good stuff Wow
what do we have here looks like shrimp
or something doesn't it Toto caramel
corn okay now for those of you know me
man you know that I'm not the biggest
fan of caramel oh wow this actually
smells like peanuts I open the bag I
supposed to act like peanuts which
actually there was a peanut mascot right
over here so taking this out oh it's
real sweet
there isn't a hint of caramel so that's
right here caramel corn so this is
basically kettle corn but not as hard to
eat I found kettle corn to be really
difficult to eat or you know
fiddle-faddle stuff like that cuz
they're just really really hard to bite
into these are actually really soft so
quite like these so this thing oh but
it's freaking huge and it has a butt
looks like an ice cream chocolate ice
cream bar this is a food at a dodeca bar
like a bit of crunch with your chocolate
you'll love this dodeca bar this snack
is a 25 centimeter almost 10 inches corn
puff bar covered in chocolate good thing
I love child I can't believe it this is
literally just a long like crunch bar
basically those you know the crunch
chocolate bar candy there that's
actually really good I'm pretty sure
that's basically what this is oh my gosh
Wow almost 10 inches look at this that's
all this is Wow actually that looks like
shit oh man smells smells act like a
crunch bar it's actually a wafer inside
it actually tastes some more dark
chocolatey than milk chocolate E but
still really good not the thick dark
chocolate super super bitter
like no just that hint of it well I
don't need to read this to know that
these are potato chips let's open this
is baby I want to stay open
why am I having such difficulty opening
all these things oh wow these are super
thin Jesus look how thin this is Wow
it's like paper literally paper-thin oh
boy don't know what flavor this is let
me see what the flavor is black pepper
flavor all right so it might be a little
more on the spicy side gotta hit a spice
right there mmm my mouth kind of burning
actually well maybe I can wash that down
with some ramen day I love this box
that's it sure you have Naruto character
on the front but you know that's why I
didn't get past that alright it is
official I am in love with this box
because they have ramen a these snacks
were really good they were you look it's
like 1 or 2 snacks that I didn't like
but overall this box was freaking
fantastic and actually fortunate the
ramen aim we still got to make our ice
cream
[Music]
overall guys this box was freaking
amazing definitely my new favorite box
so if they were interested in Japan
crate I will leave a link in the
description to their website if you
already subscribed to Japan crate or if
if at any one of these Japanese snacks
please let me know your thoughts on them
and check out the description for links
to my social media patreon and t-shirt
line I'm missing
[Music]